Hey, Monica, this is a feedback video for your final, but it's gonna be an easy one for me to record because you did great. As far as I could tell, you didn't skip any questions, and there was nowhere where I felt that you left something important out. So, nice job on that. Um, rather than go through your exam and just say good job over and over and over, I picked a couple of places where you said something interesting and I'll just comment on it in the spirit of discussion, but not in the spirit of constructive criticism. You honestly did excellently. Um, I felt that you had a really insightful discussion about the, the dev cycle, um, so. Uh, either you've been through it enough times yourself, or you, you seem to understand it pretty well, so kudos on that. Um, I believe the next thing. I wanted to mention was about chat GPT. In the question about web apps, if I recall correctly. Uh, I might have passed it up or maybe it's later on, um. So I'll just mention this part I. This made me realize that my metaphor about CSS being the skin is a little bit grotesque, and it's actually a much nicer way to explain it, to say that CSS is like the person's clothes, their style, like literally their style. Um, it makes a lot more sense. I think people will remember it better, so, um, I'm gonna start changing the way I explain CSS. Uh, this is, uh, this is a nice, a nicer way of saying it than I have been saying it in the past. Um. Oh, I enjoyed your arc from uh the operating system being your least favorite question to it being actually not your least favorite, and I agree, operating system does a lot of stuff, and it's a complicated piece of software, um, but it, it can be fun to start. Peeling back those layers of complexity. Ah, 6 degrees of separation. Um, you are right to be convinced that this is not a fact and not proven. That that is true. It is not proven. It may be a fact, who knows, but we don't know because we can't exhaustively test every pair of people on the planet. It's too many. Uh, but We can explore 6 degrees of separation from a mathematical perspective. We can prove mathematically certain things about networks that have the 6 degrees of separation property, or we can show that networks that have some other property automatically must have the 6 degrees of separation property. That's in the mathematical space. Those mathematical proofs exist and they are pretty fascinating, but there's no empirical scientific proof that shows that our world as it is today. With its particular social network has these properties that have been explored in the mathematical space. So, um, really cool video that I enjoyed about this topic, which I'll just recommend to you. I may have already done it, I might have mentioned it in class, um, but this is a, this is a fun 30 minutes. Something strange happens when you trace how connected we are by Veritasium. So, recommend looking into that if you want to, uh, do some more research. I think that might have been it. I know at the very end. There was maybe some concern because there were 46 questions, but you did it right, you set it to 70 and 46 is the magic number this quarter for the final, so. If you went through 2 hours of an exam and then ended it, uh, worried that you did it wrong. Sorry that this is coming 3 weeks late, but you did it right, and it was a great exam, and I'll see you next time.